Merry Christmas to me why am I like this
what's up guys I'm Emma welcome back to
my channel I went a little crazy with
the black out sale from Jim shark yep
but at least things were on sale so I
feel a little bit better about myself if
you're new to my channel um I am not
sponsored by Jim shark so this review /
Hall is bots are free I don't know
you'll get honest opinions from me I try
to be as transparent as possible so
without further ado let's get into this
Jim shark Hall just like a real quick
recap kind of thing unless you see my
other Jim shark Hall which I will link
in the description box I want to kind of
give an overall impression that I
usually get from Jim shark my sizing is
incredibly different I usually get
mediums and largest and I'm 5 - so just
to kind of put things in perspective you
really need to do some research on your
own because the first time that I was
like oh I kind of look like that girl on
Instagram I was totally wrong and I got
a medium no I got a small sports bra and
I didn't give it to a friend because it
literally didn't fit me so just kind of
background I guess like it's a hit or
miss with the sizing I tend to size up
and every single review that I ever
watch they all signs down so I don't
know what's wrong with me or my body but
I got larges and everything and I guess
we'll see if that was accurate on my
part if I should have gotten a medium
but I just wanted to put that in the
universe put it out there because I am
not I do not have the same body type as
a lot of the people who do wear Jim
check a lot so there's that there's that
let's let's continue so the first thing
that I purchased is I don't know the
name of this but it's like that cropped
hoodie and originally I wanted to get it
in the pink eyes of the rest of the
world because I got the pink dreamy
leggings and I was like oh how cute it
will match but I got the purple because
I really did want some color I wanted to
wear a cute pink jacket in the gym but
now we're a cute lie
one and I figure it'll still look
adorable paired with pink leggings it'll
be like a candy shop so anyway I got
this cropped sweatshirt it's got a
little cutout hole in the front and then
it says Jim shark like at the bottom and
I love that the hem it's shorter in the
front and longer in the back
whoa this feels weird okay so I did get
as I mentioned the pink dreamy leggings
and honestly looking at them I think
these are gonna be really really big on
me it's like a really weird material it
feels like you know though shamwows and
it like collects the water it feels like
a freakin ShamWow and I know that very
well like I know the texture very well
because I used to dive in high school
and we used ShamWow house to like
collect the water on us before we dived
of did dived whatever this feels like a
frickin ShamWow we will see how it goes
it's a really cute color though I don't
wear any pink ever so talk about
stepping out of your comfort zone next I
got the seamless cropped long-sleeve
shirt in the charcoal color because I do
have the leggings in charcoal and I love
being like I'm actually matching
princess at the gym it just makes me
feel really great so I wanted to get the
matching set I have this one in lilac
and it's amazing I never wear it though
because I never wanted to get dirty
I'm really weird like I own so many cute
workout clothes and then I never wear
them because I'm like oh I don't want to
have to wash it like I don't want to get
dirty I just wanted it to sit in my
closet and collect us so I guess I'm
gonna have to start wearing the clothes
that I buy so yeah got this I love
wearing these at the gym I just feel
like a badass so this is also a very
weird texture
it's like very stretchy like it has
spandex in it but it also has a lot of
cotton in it so it feels weird anyway
this is the cropped ribbon top and I got
this one just because I have so many
cute bottoms and I always run out of
tops to wear with them and I always
resort to just like graphic t-shirts the
whole girl looks a little cute at the
gym so
I got this plus it was like one sale for
like $20 so I just thought it was cute a
little free advertising for Jim shark so
you're welcome but yeah this also looks
a little big it's also a large so we'll
see so that is everything that I got
from this semi Big Jim shark haul I do
have another one and I'll link it in the
description box if you're curious and um
yeah if you aren't subscribed already
make sure you do and turn on that little
notification belt so you know when I
upload another video yeah I'll see you
in the next video bye guys
[Music]